README.md, before:

# dalelarroder.com ⚡️

- **Framework**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Deployment**: [Vercel](https://vercel.com)
- **Content**: [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Analytics**: [Logrocket](https://logrocket.com/)

## Running Locally

### Installation

1. Clone this repo

```bash
git clone git@github.com:dlarroder/dalelarroder.git
```

2. Change directories

```sh
cd dalelarroder
```

3. Install yarn Packages

```bash
yarn
```

4. Create a .env.local and following the .env.example input some environment variables so that can run normally.

```txt
SPOTIFY_REFRESH_TOKEN=<Your env>
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET=<Your env>
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID=<Your env>

NEXT_PUBLIC_LOGROCKET_ID=<Your env>
// ...
```

5. Run the development server

```bash
yarn dev
```

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some Feature'`)
3. Push to the Branch (`git push origin main`)
4. Open a Pull Request

## Credits

[Tailwind nextjs starter blog template](https://github.com/timlrx/tailwind-nextjs-starter-blog) © [Timothy](https://www.timlrx.com/)

## Licence

[MIT](https://github.com/dlarroder/dalelarroder/blob/master/LICENSE) © [Dale Larroder](https://www.dalelarroder.com)

Commit message:

feat: contentlayer (#61)
* feat: contentlayer

* self hosted fonts and fixes

* add more ContentSecurityPolicy

* no dom nesting

* robots

* better seo

README.md, after:

# dalelarroder.com ⚡️

- **Framework**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Deployment**: [Vercel](https://vercel.com)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Analytics**: [Logrocket](https://logrocket.com/)
- **Content**: [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/) with [Contentlayer](https://www.contentlayer.dev/)

## Running Locally

### Installation

1. Clone this repo

```bash
git clone git@github.com:dlarroder/dalelarroder.git
```

2. Change directories

```sh
cd dalelarroder
```

3. Install yarn Packages

```bash
yarn
```

4. Create a .env.local and following the .env.example

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

5. Add your environment variables

```txt
SPOTIFY_REFRESH_TOKEN=<Your env>
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET=<Your env>
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID=<Your env>
// ...
```

6. Run the development server

```bash
yarn dev
```

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some Feature'`)
3. Push to the Branch (`git push origin main`)
4. Open a Pull Request

## Licence

[MIT](https://github.com/dlarroder/dalelarroder/blob/master/LICENSE) © [Dale Larroder](https://www.dalelarroder.com)
