data/blog/how-to-merge-a-repository-into-nx.mdx, before:

---
title: 'How to merge a git repository into Nx'
date: '2022-05-18'
header: '/static/images/avatar.png'
tags: ['Git', 'Monorepo', 'Nx', 'Workspaces']
draft: false
author: 'Dale Larroder'
summary: 'A guide on how to merge any existing app or library into a Nx monorepo'
---

## What is Nx?

[Nx](https://nx.dev/) is a framework that allows you to architect,
test, and build your project at any scale with the most popular modern
Front-end frameworks like [React](https://reactjs.org/) and [Angular](https://angular.io/),
and Back-end ones like [NestJs](https://nestjs.com/) or [Express](https://expressjs.com/).
To make this possible, Nx comes shipped with a large toolset that simplifies your Monorepo
management. If you are unfamiliar with [Monorepo](https://semaphoreci.com/blog/what-is-monorepo#:~:text=A%20monorepo%20is%20a%20version,Monorepos%20can%20reach%20colossal%20sizes.),
it is basically a version-controlled code repository that holds many projects and libraries.

## Prerequisites

- Git
- Node
- Nx CLI

## Creating an Nx Workspace

```
npx create-nx-workspace@latest
```

![image](/static/blog/nx/create-nx-workspace.png)

## Nx Workspace Folder structure

```
nx-workspace/
├── apps/
├── libs/
├── tools/
├── workspace.json
├── nx.json
├── package.json
└── tsconfig.base.json
```

You can read more about Nx's folder structure [here](https://nx.dev/getting-started/nx-setup#folder-structure)

## Step 1: Clone source repository

```
git clone <repo-url> packageC
```

It is recommended to create a new copy of the repository you are about to clone into the nx monorepo, as there
will be some git changes that are easier to delete than to start over.

## Step 2: Move all files into the right sub directory.

If you are trying to move an app, the sub directory should be `apps/packageC`

```
export TARGET_DIR="apps/packageC"
```

If you are trying to move a library, the sub directory should be `libs/packageC`

```
export TARGET_DIR="libs/packageC"
```

The next commands will actually move the files and will rewrite all of the git
history into the the TARGET_DIR you have specified above.

```
cd packageC
```

```
git filter-branch --prune-empty --tree-filter '
  mkdir -p "$TARGET_DIR"
  git ls-tree --name-only $GIT_COMMIT | xargs -I files mv files "$TARGET_DIR"
'
```

## Step 3: Add remote in your monorepo to packageC

This will print the working directory of the current package you are trying to clone.

```
cd packageC && pwd
```

The next step is adding the newly acquired remote to your nx workspace for you to be able to fetch.

```
cd nx-workspace
```

```
git remote add packageC <packageC-pwd>
```

## Step 4: Merge packageC into monorepo

```
git fetch packageC --no-tags
```

```
git merge packageC/master --allow-unrelated-histories
```

## Step 5: Clean up

```
git remote remove packageC
```

After successfully merging, its time to cleanup duplicate config files, `package.json`, `eslintrc.js` and etc.

## Other tips

#### Environment variables

If you are using env variables in your application, don't forget to change the naming of your env variables
to have a prefix of NX\_, you can read more about Nx environment variables [here](https://nx.dev/guides/environment-variables)

For Example when you merged in a react app to nx:

```diff
-REACT_APP_AUTH_HOST=http://localhost:3002
+NX_AUTH_HOST=http://localhost:3002
```

#### Fixing Error: global is not defined

If you have merged an existing create react app into nx, you might have encountered this error: `global is not defined`

The simple fix for this is to override Nx's webpack config and add the following:

```js:webpack.config.js
const nrwlConfig = require('@nrwl/react/plugins/webpack.js');

module.exports = (config, context) => {
  nrwlConfig(config);

  return {
    ...config,
    node: {
      global: true,
    },
  };
};
```

and don't forget to call it in your apps `project.json` file

```diff:project.json
-"webpackConfig": "@nrwl/react/plugins/webpack"
+"webpackConfig": "./apps/field-app/webpack.config.js"
```

Commit message:

add absolute paths to nx blog

data/blog/how-to-merge-a-repository-into-nx.mdx, after:

---
title: 'How to merge a git repository into Nx'
date: '2022-05-18'
header: '/static/images/avatar.png'
tags: ['Git', 'Monorepo', 'Nx', 'Workspaces']
draft: false
author: 'Dale Larroder'
summary: 'A guide on how to merge any existing app or library into a Nx monorepo'
---

## What is Nx?

[Nx](https://nx.dev/) is a framework that allows you to architect,
test, and build your project at any scale with the most popular modern
Front-end frameworks like [React](https://reactjs.org/) and [Angular](https://angular.io/),
and Back-end ones like [NestJs](https://nestjs.com/) or [Express](https://expressjs.com/).
To make this possible, Nx comes shipped with a large toolset that simplifies your Monorepo
management. If you are unfamiliar with [Monorepo](https://semaphoreci.com/blog/what-is-monorepo#:~:text=A%20monorepo%20is%20a%20version,Monorepos%20can%20reach%20colossal%20sizes.),
it is basically a version-controlled code repository that holds many projects and libraries.

## Prerequisites

- Git
- Node
- Nx CLI

## Creating an Nx Workspace

```
npx create-nx-workspace@latest
```

![image](/static/blog/nx/create-nx-workspace.png)

## Nx Workspace Folder structure

```
nx-workspace/
├── apps/
├── libs/
├── tools/
├── workspace.json
├── nx.json
├── package.json
└── tsconfig.base.json
```

You can read more about Nx's folder structure [here](https://nx.dev/getting-started/nx-setup#folder-structure)

## Step 1: Clone source repository

```
git clone <repo-url> packageC
```

It is recommended to create a new copy of the repository you are about to clone into the nx monorepo, as there
will be some git changes that are easier to delete than to start over.

## Step 2: Move all files into the right sub directory.

If you are trying to move an app, the sub directory should be `apps/packageC`

```
export TARGET_DIR="apps/packageC"
```

If you are trying to move a library, the sub directory should be `libs/packageC`

```
export TARGET_DIR="libs/packageC"
```

The next commands will actually move the files and will rewrite all of the git
history into the the TARGET_DIR you have specified above.

```
cd packageC
```

```
git filter-branch --prune-empty --tree-filter '
  mkdir -p "$TARGET_DIR"
  git ls-tree --name-only $GIT_COMMIT | xargs -I files mv files "$TARGET_DIR"
'
```

## Step 3: Add remote in your monorepo to packageC

This will print the working directory of the current package you are trying to clone.

```
cd packageC && pwd
```

The next step is adding the newly acquired remote to your nx workspace for you to be able to fetch.

```
cd nx-workspace
```

```
git remote add packageC <packageC-pwd>
```

## Step 4: Merge packageC into monorepo

```
git fetch packageC --no-tags
```

```
git merge packageC/master --allow-unrelated-histories
```

## Step 5: Clean up

```
git remote remove packageC
```

After successfully merging, its time to cleanup duplicate config files, `package.json`, `eslintrc.js` and etc.

## Other tips

#### Environment variables

If you are using env variables in your application, don't forget to change the naming of your env variables
to have a prefix of NX\_, you can read more about Nx environment variables [here](https://nx.dev/guides/environment-variables)

For Example when you merged in a react app to nx:

```diff
-REACT_APP_AUTH_HOST=http://localhost:3002
+NX_AUTH_HOST=http://localhost:3002
```

#### Fixing absolute imports from your Create React App

If you are importing a CRA, One of the errors you'll be getting is `@nrwl/nx/enforce-module-boundaries` error.

To fix this, you will need to update all your absolute paths to the path you specified in `tsconfig.base.json`

```:tsconfig.base.json
    "paths": {
      "@design-system": ["libs/design/src/index.ts"],
      },
```

and fix all the files that use absolute paths

```diff
-import Modal from 'src/components/Modal/Modal';
+import Modal from '@design-system/src/components/Modal/Modal';
```

#### Fixing Error: global is not defined

If you have merged an existing create react app into nx, you might have encountered this error: `global is not defined`

The simple fix for this is to override Nx's webpack config and add the following:

```js:webpack.config.js
const nrwlConfig = require('@nrwl/react/plugins/webpack.js');

module.exports = (config, context) => {
  nrwlConfig(config);

  return {
    ...config,
    node: {
      global: true,
    },
  };
};
```

and don't forget to call it in your apps `project.json` file

```diff:project.json
-"webpackConfig": "@nrwl/react/plugins/webpack"
+"webpackConfig": "./apps/field-app/webpack.config.js"
```
